Hey guys welcome back.
OK so this lecture we're just checking in on how the Jarvi automated outreach is going for the most
part yes it is showing that it is scraping names and I've added a bunch of hash tags to the audio scorekeeping
system and it is forwarding those to the send messages system.
And for the most part it's running now.
The way that you can essentially verify that it is in fact working it's pretty quick.
Just go to your direct messages.
And as you can see as I scroll Yeah it's message a lot of people.
Now it's kind of makes me think I might want to start simplifying the message just because I don't know
might be a lot.
But it looks like I said maybe two or three people respond it's only been running for a day.
Right.
So this guy clearly doesn't understand what I'm talking about.
That's great.
It might be the case that a lot of these get sent to the other speil.
See that typically people who you haven't interacted with will show up in that section.
So that could also be limiting some of our outreach effectiveness.
But yeah for the most part it's sending it out.
You can see that almost every 30 minutes it's just blasting people.
And we can kind of check to see see fit forever.
Couple this must be in the motivation category.
Yeah I think motivation and weight loss.
Sure that happened at c tech junction OK so this one clearly worked.
So yeah it's like I said I think that the accuracy of using the automated system is always going to
be limited.
So it just kind of keep that in mind there's going to be a lot of tweaking.
So you get them using hashtags so it's like who knows who's posting on the hash tag and but isn't any
system for checking of an account.
So it might just be the case that we have to go through and maybe every now and then check or block
certain people or hey sometimes we don't really care.
I mean we send a message.
It doesn't work out because it's not the right account.
They don't have to respond.
Right.
It's really just up to you if you want to spend a lot of time trying to make this as accurate as possible.
Again it's fully automated so it's kind of a shotgun strategy.
So mindset for greatness.
Let's see.
Yeah this is a motivation account.
OK.
So that would be a pretty easy one to get a deal with.
Let's see if finding miracles that works.
And they looks like they post.
Yeah.
Again more motivational science inspiration kind of stuff.
It is perfectly fine.
It's adjacent to what I'm doing but audiences might be interested in inspiring innovation.
So yeah.
Anyway that's what it kind of looks like.
It will take some tweaking to make it better.
But if this is the way that you want to go and this is how I would suggest you do it and just make sure
that you're spending time checking in and tweaking it so that your system doesn't go rogue and send
too many messages at once.
Like I don't know how many ended up sending.
Let's see.
Like maybe yeah maybe 30 or 40.
So that's pretty good considering that you have to do anything.
I just had to wait.
So anyway it's up to you.
I personally I'm going to pursue the strategy of using an actual person to outreach.
I just think that it's there's not that many accounts to reach out to maybe a couple of thousand.
So I don't want to kind of have a robot send it to them it just comes off like it's a little cheesy
So I mean use a person.
But again up to you guys if you want to do this strategy this actually with some fine tuning could work
out really well.
OK.
So in the next picture.